morning it's big
a little bit of Sun heaven
so all the guys
people had spent the night tents etc
he was so roll here it's 10 minute eight
o'clock yes instead of
Stanford please come with people walking
around i'll get more pictures
young are old kent city
Oh skip if it's Illinois and we met we
did two or three governors in jail okay
morning its sig it's about it I'm in a
state those who are selling crime we are
going to a stamina hold a devotional
service behind the white trailer sales
it so you guys will be in a shade bring
you here smile and say hi chris buescher
contest Sunday morning here's the expert
pits dan mcatee ready to take off down
here is beginner intermediate the
scorer's table and I'm headed back down
to advanced spectators over here
good morning they got the expert judges
Dan's ready to fire it up I'm going back
down to my circle ok here's an advance
their market Babcock's annex fly up here
place 40 type my look at my coach take
off
separate
en de mer from that cotton white I've
been judging him and he's getting ready
to come down
okay here comes landing beautiful you're
welcome on don't know where don't worry
I'm just seeing a little video
chef while we were flying expert
fence
what
my brother
Oh
yes John Paris is yan sp11 far by
stocker 51
you
daughter grace is going to launch for
him
we're going to get part of this flight
hold steady enough in the breeze
lovely sound
we'll get part of his flight
you
so those Eastern European engines made
in Ukraine
wonderful run
we'll get them through the loops and
I'll stop
inverted point
a little breezy since you're probably
going a little trouble holding it
six inverted laps and we'll do the
outside loops
here he goes
I go through the squares square inside
squares I'm shutting on
okay I know
good one John
okay shut down zoom in on John